[Autogenerated] our final step for working with S3
is to redeploy our app to ec two.
So everything that we've done so far is working together.
We do have to revise something.
However,
when we are running our application locally and make requests to put
objects in S3 it uses the access key credentials we created when the
app is running on an ec two instance.
However, what credentials does it use?
The answer is none.
When we were creating our Ec two instance and launch template,
we didn't set it up to use any credentials in AWS I AM Rolls
are used for EC two application credentials,
we can assign an I am role at the launch template level.
So our next steps are first to update the Pizza O G E Ec two instance
with our new code and then create a new AM I with that updated instance
and then finally create a new version of our launch template that will
attach to our Pizza Auto scaling group.
We'll start by copying our Pizza Lovers code to the Ec two
instance Using SCP make sure to delete the node modules folder
again and then execute this SCP command,
inserting your own details to copy the Pizza Lovers code over the SCP command
won't overwrite our node modules folder on the instance so we shouldn't need
to run NPM install again now our code has been copied and everything is
updated and ready to go in the two console,
click on the instances, menu option on the left,
select your Pizza Hoagie instance.
Then in the actions, drop down click image and templates and select create image.
Name it something like Pizza Plus,
S3 and then click create While our AM is being created,
we can go create the role that will use with our Ec two application,
click on the Services menu above type I am and then
hit enter in the I AM dashboard, click on roles on the left.
Roles are sort of like users but they don't have any way to log in.
It's just something to attach policies to.
We're going to create a role for our Pizza application,
click create role,
then we'll choose the service that will be using the role which will be E C two.
Now click next we only need to give the role access to S3 right now.
So search for S3 and the input box, Then select Amazon S three full access,
then hit next twice.
Now we'll name the role.
Pizza E C to roll and then click create role.
And one of the great things about this role is that we can attach
policies to the role but don't have to change which applications
have the role now that it's created,
we can use it whenever we need to by now are am I should be completed.
So come back to the Ec two console.
We need to create a new version of our launch template to create
instances with the new AM I and I am role that we created,
click Launch templates in the left menu and then click on the I.
D.
For our launch template, click the actions,
drop down and select modify template.
The first thing we'll update is the Am I click the drop down where pizza
images selected and type in Pizza dash plus and then select Pizza Plus S3
when it appears now scroll to the bottom and expand the advanced details
section in the I am instance profile, drop-down find the I am role.
We just created Pizza E.
C.
To roll the great thing about launch templates is that all
the configuration options that we selected before are
carried over into this new version.
So just click create template version.
Now we can utilize the power of launch templates to easily update our instances.
I didn't mention this when we were setting up our auto scaling group
but whenever you select a launch template to use,
you also specify the version of the launch template to use,
you can select a specific version or you can just
use the default or latest tags.
The latest tag will always point to the version created most recently.
The default tag is something you can set in your launch
template When we created our auto scaling group,
it selected the default tag by default.
So if we update the default tag and our launch template to
point to the new version that we just created that will update
our auto scaling group automatically.
So click the actions.
Drop down again and select set default version In
the drop down select version two, then click set as default version.
Now if our auto scaling group creates new instances,
it will use this new version of the launch template.
So let's kick that off manually.
Go to the instances dashboard via the left menu and select
any instances that aren't called Pizza O G.
These were the ones generated by our auto scaling group,
click on the instance state, drop down and then select terminate instance.
This will take some time to terminate the instances and launch the new ones.
So again I'm going to time warp the video about 15 minutes in the future and if
I take a look at the auto scaling group instances now I can see that to our in
service and it shows that the launch template version used to bring them up is
in fact the new one that we created.
So let's try it out.
Use the same load balancer,
URL as before and our pizza lovers app should greet us,
play around with it,
make sure everything looks good and try to make a pizza to see that our role is working as intended and the integration with S3 is complete